when his mobile 6.5 features a new
messaging screen now you click on the
screen to add contacts and you can
choose from your call log your phonebook
whatever the case would be it's a little
bit annoying because you can only choose
one contact at a time and you can't do
it any other way
it just makes it more convoluted to send
messages this way in previous versions
you could just begin typing out names in
the 2-2 field and they would complete so
if you're trying to send to multiple
contacts it's a little more complicated
than it should be the new version of
Internet Explorer Mobile is is very very
fresh one of the features I really like
is that if you just started to type in a
domain like Google it'll come up with
multiple options automatically filling
out the details for you so I go to
google.com goggle org Google net like a
performer's search for Google using
Microsoft Bing or it will search your
history as well so that's a cool feature
there's these new icons at the bottom
for navigation which is very helpful
with this touchscreen display you can
star our bookmark a site you can zoom in
and you know the zoom feature it's a
little disappointing some better results
with the with the with a stylus as you
can see it's a little little hard too
hard to use when I'm just selecting it
and it disappears very fast so that can
be frustrating
overall the webpage is loaded reasonably
fast the experience was okay it's a
little laggy at times too which was
disappointing but it's more the
processor speed then and the internet
explorer by itself what's nice about the
new camera application that's a lot
different from previous versions of one
is mobile is that there's these
touchscreen buttons on the side that
give easy access to change between
photos and video as you can see it's
switching to video here you can also
back in the photo section you can change
the resolution that's also available in
in the video section as well
you can adjust focus settings changing
it to a macro lens or an autofocus lens
set timer it's all very intuitive and
really nicely done with the new touch
screen
controls another couple other cool
features we have sprint TV which works
well in in pretty much a variety of
settings I have tested it indoors now
and it worked well and you know you can
watch Disney Channel Weather Channel NFL
Network Fox all different programming
types that are programs specifically for
the mobile device we also have a new app
that I really liked called
tell me which allows you to do voice
commands for the device there's actually
a dedicated tell me button here on the
keyboard I'm go ahead and click it and
if you watch you can see that there's a
translucent interface that comes up and
it starts to listen for a command call
Jack Black and as you can see you have
the options to call Jack one of the more
interesting things about tell me though
is the ability to transcribe text
messages so if I say you just put them
into text
Jack Black
texts Jack Black hi jack just seeing
what you're up to
hi jack just seeing what you're up to
it'll go ahead and transcribe the
message and it does it reasonably well
and as you can see all I have to do is
click send and that will automatically
send that that text message very handy
I'm sure if you are in a vehicle or you
just don't feel like typing I also
wanted to show off the AP mobile app and
want to download it for free from
windows marketplace as you can see it
you can choose top news stories local
news sports and you can cycle through
all the big headlines here it's fairly
really nice to set up it's fast to load
and the articles are easy to read using
this device and overall very happy with
that that particular application
especially because it's free overall the
the new Samsung eye 350 interrupted from
Sprint is a nice well-designed device
that is perfect for any business or
consumer the touch screen display is
vivid and although I thought that it was
a little unnecessary for the touchscreen
functionality does come in handy at
times
the only drawback the only thing I can
think is that these are options and
things that you hope for in devices
several years ago in the first
iterations and what is mobile it's just
that the new version just doesn't seem
to keep up with some of the other
available member out mobile operating
systems that are out in the wild now the
Samsung I 350 intrepid is available for
$149 from Sprint
with a two-year contract and a mail-in
rebate